Group Project Milestone 3 

Meeting Report (4th meeting) 

 

Friday, June 14th , 2024 

Our fourth meeting went great. We were able to discuss the problems we had with our second milestone and how we were going to fix our TODO items.  

People in attendance: 

Jake Hodgson 

Ben Carroll 

Jarek Smith 

Michael Page 

 

Agenda Items Discussed: 

We first discussed our TODO items and what we needed to do to finish these items. 

We were able to discuss the Milestone 3 requirements. We talked about what we wanted our GUI design to be and how we would go about the code.  

We talked about the SRS documents and how we were going to split up into subgroups and when we were going to meet to get that done.  


Action Items: 

Finish our TODO items:  

Redo the design doc (make sure it's all the same format) 

Fix our code (look at professor's notes). 

Meet with your subgroup and create an SRS doc for the two of you.  

Be ready with that SRS for our next group meeting so we can make one SRS doc for the group. 

Start the design doc for the GUI 

Start coding the GUI after we have a rough idea of what we want.  

 

Friday, June 14th, 2024 (5th meeting)  

 

Our last meeting before the milestone 3 project was due went great. We were having a little problem with our GUI. 
It was 99% done but we were still having a problem with one of the test files. We talked about how to fix it and we also 
talked about our SRS doc and how we wanted to combine the two subgroup SRS docs.  


People in attendance: 

Jake Hodgson 

Ben Carroll 

Jarek Smith 

Michael Page 

 

Agenda Items Discussed: 

We talked about our GUI and the problem it was having with test file #3. 

We discussed how we wanted to format our combined SRS doc.  

We talked about the README.txt file and made sure everything was up to date with this step of the project.  

We also talked about who was going to submit the files (send our link to our github) to canvas.  

 

Action Items: 

Finish the combined SRS doc. 

Everyone must double check the code, run the test files, and ensure everything is running perfectly.  

Everyone needs to look at the README.txt file and make sure we don’t have any typos, and we need to make sure it makes sense to someone who doesn’t run programs.  
