Group Project Milestone 4 

Meeting Report (6th meeting) 

 

Friday, June 28th, 2024 

Our sixth meeting went well. We were able to look at all our TODO items and discuss how we would fix them before the next milestone.
We were also able to talk about how to get the next milestone done and when, with the July 4th holiday coming up.  

People in attendance: 

Jake Hodgson 

Ben Carroll 

Jarek Smith 

Michael Page 

 

Agenda Items Discussed: 

We first discussed our TODO items and what we needed to do to finish these items. 

We talked about trying to finish the todo items before the 4th of July so we could all take a little break from school.  

We talked about Milestone 4 and started brainstorming ideas on what we could get started on and how we wanted to implement those changes into our GUI.  

 

 

Action Items: 

Finish our TODO items:  

Class def doc 

Fix our code (look at professor's notes). 

Update Use cases 

Start working on the code for our color scheme Gui 

 

 

 

 

Friday, July 5th, 2024 (7th meeting)  

 

Another week, another team meeting. This meeting went well. We are on track to complete milestone 4 a little earlier than usual, which is great.
In this week's meeting we all came prepared with some thoughts and ideas about the milestones 4 requirements and how we wanted to implement those changes into our GUI.  

 

People in attendance: 

Jake Hodgson 

Ben Carroll 

Jarek Smith 

Michael Page 

 

Agenda Items Discussed: 

We talked about changing our test cases to fully represent our new code with these new changes 

We talked about how we wanted to add the ‘Save’ or ‘Save As’ button to our GUI 

We talked about adding our ‘Color Scheme’ button and how much customization we thought the user should have.  

We talked about how to set UVU’s colors as the default colors to our GUI. 

 

Action Items: 

Update our test cases.  

Everyone must double check the code, run the test files, and ensure everything is running perfectly.  

Everyone needs to look at the README.txt file and make sure we don’t have any typos, and we need to make sure it makes sense to someone who doesn’t run programs.  

Everyone needs to help with the code and try to implement new changes to it.  

Get our class definition document done.  

 

 

 

Friday, July 12th, 2024 (8th meeting)  

 

This week's meeting went well. We were all able to meet Friday morning and talk for a bit about what we still needed to do to finish the Milestone 4 requirements. 

 

People in attendance: 

Jake Hodgson 

Ben Carroll 

Jarek Smith 

Michael Page 

 

Agenda Items Discussed: 

We talked about altering our test cases. Especially now since our code was finished for this section 

We talked about the GUI and made sure everything was running smoothly for everyone across their own devices.  

We talked about updating our GUI Diagram.  

 

Action Items: 

Update our GUI diagram / framework 

Everyone must double check the code, run the test files, and ensure everything is running perfectly.  

Everyone needs to help with all the documentation and when done have someone double check your work to make sure there aren’t any typos and that everything makes sense.  

Get our GUI framework/diagram done.  

Get all our documents updated.  
